initial version of writing tests document (#2176)
keycloak/keycloak-admin-ui: cypress/WRITING_TESTS.md

## How to write tests

### Create PageObjects for the page screens to reuse the methods

> don't do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't do this:
```

```typescript
cy.findByTestId("rs-keys-tab").click();
cy.findByTestId("rs-providers-tab").click();
cy.findAllByTestId("provider-name-link")
  .contains("test_hmac-generated")
  .click();
```

> Instead use a page object it just a lot easier to get the intended of the test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead use a page object as it is a lot easier to get the intended functionality of the test:
```

```typescript
realmSettings.goToProvidersTab();
realmSettings.fillOutForm({ name: "test" }).save();
```

#### Clean code
Write locators in the PageObject layer and in object variables when possible to avoid hardcoding.
Set type of element at the end of the variable name (e.g. saveBtn, nameInput, userDrpDwn…)
Avoid adding “click” to name methods, methods should be named as an action “goToX”, “openX”, “createX”, etc.
Consistent naming (e.g goToTab methods, somewhere named goToTab, other goToXTab)

### Test structure

> We have `keycloakBefore` that will navigate to the main page and setup some things.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have `keycloakBefore` that will navigate to the main page, control request errors and wait for the load to finish.
```

> Use `keycloakBeforeEach` to keep the keycloak cookie and stay logged in.

Reviewer 3: No need to do before each anymore

You can then have multiple test or create a new `describe` block to setup some data for your test.

```typescript
describe("Realm roles test", () => {
  before(() => {
    keycloakBefore();
    loginPage.logIn();
  });

  beforeEach(() => {
    keycloakBeforeEach();
    sidebarPage.goToRealmRoles();
  });
```

Example of `describe` to setup data for that test:

```typescript
import adminClient from "../support/util/AdminClient";

describe("edit role details", () => {
  before(() => {
    adminClient.createRealmRole({
      name: editRoleName,
      description,
    });
  });

  after(() => {
    adminClient.deleteRealmRole(editRoleName);
  });

>   it("should edit realm role details", () => {

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can set a convention to capitalize the first word of the sentence from `describe` and `it`

      // ...
```

### Waiting for results

Sometimes you will get the following error:
> Cypress failed because the element has been detached from the DOM

> This is because the DOM has been updated in between selectors you can remedy this by waiting on REST calls. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because the DOM has been updated in between selectors. You can remedy this by waiting on REST calls. 
```

You can see the rest calls in the cypress IDE.

```typescript
  cy.intercept("/admin/realms/master/").as("search");
  
  // ... pressing a button that will perform the search
  
  cy.wait(["@search"]); // wait for the call named search
```

> If there where no calls, but you still get this error try using `{force: true}`, but try not to use it everywhere, there could be an unexpected modal opened blocking the element so even the user wouldn’t be able to use that element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there were no calls and you still get this error, try using `{force: true}`, but try not to use it everywhere. For example, there could be an unexpected open modal blocking the element, so even the user wouldn’t be able to use that element.
```
